Hi everyone.
So let's see one more method of this filtering of your data.
As we've seen in last week you like using matter.
There is another matter Laker between matter.
Let's display fossil fuel that of this data frame object.
Now how does between matter.
So let's consider the scenario like let's say you want to find all those record was easiest like let's
say greater than 40.
But less than 60.
So how we can approach is we can create a condition where condition 1 will be a.
Each will be greater than 40 and their condition will be it will be less than 60.
You can combine these two condition with that and operation and it will require no reason.
So instead of doing all those kinds of hurdle you can just simply use this between matter.
So we are not going to go with that hardly.
As I already explained in the last video that combining multiple condition to get that this easy in
operation and between how it played out will be very helpful respectively.
We'll try to replace this heart operation and operation.
OK.
So let's try to grab those results where the age is greater than 40 and less than 60.
So we are going to apply this condition on top of this each column.
Now this between is nothing but it's a serious matter it's not a data matter.
So keep those thing in mind that we are applying in a one of the column of this data frame object and
that column here is nothing but a series object not only the frame object.
So between and here we are going to supply the two argument.
So first one is the start and end kind of.
So in greater than 40 I mean in less than 60.
Let me just executed so you can see somewhere I got 5 Central.
So between all those 80 which is between 40 and 60 it has returned true.
So you can see the second is 50 that's why it is returned to apart from that t lower than a second mode
of the case it has returned to finds because it is less than 40.
Let me just apply in say the brackets.
Now we can observe all those kinds of each so age ages 50 53 49.
Let us narrow down this particular lead so we get much more idea let's say between 40 and 40 only we
want.
OK.
So you can see all those recorded as retry where it is between 40 and 42.
So it has exclusively and it is 42 also so 40 41 and 42.
Well you only you will get in each column.
Now you can apply this matter on top of some M related data also.
So let's say you want to grab the data between from the start date and between some end date.
So in that case it will the cloud based on those and they object also.
Now in our dataset we don't have any kind of daytime object so you can experiment with different data
set and you can try to retrain only those that are caught between some range start dating.
And let me get my idea here is to introduce you date how this between matter works on the top of this
series object so you do not need to write that much detail condition and combine those multiple conditions
with and operation to get your desired result.
OK.
So that is all about the between matter.